[AWS] Add support to configure owning account for AWS metrics integrations (#11442)
elastic/integrations: packages/aws/_dev/build/docs/README.md

The `include_linked_accounts` parameter is used to enable the inclusion of metrics from different accounts linked to a 
main monitoring account. By setting this parameter to true, users can gather metrics from multiple AWS accounts that are
linked through the [CloudWatch cross-account observability](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html).

> Internally, the agent use ListMetrics API to include metrics from the monitoring account and all linked source accounts in the returned data, providing a comprehensive cross-account view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, the agent uses `ListMetrics` API to include metrics from the monitoring account and all linked source accounts in the returned data, providing a comprehensive cross-account view.
```

> Internally, the agent uses `ListMetrics` API to include metrics from the monitoring account and all linked source accounts in the returned data, providing a comprehensive cross-account view.

Reviewer 2: Could you consider linking ListMetrics with the relevant section under AWS documentation?

> You can further utilize `owning_account` parameter to refine the cross account observability. This parameter accepts a valid AWS account ID which should be linked to the monitoring account.

Reviewer 2: Could you consider linking `owning_account` to the relevant text under AWS documentation ?

Author: Added in the comment - https://github.com/elastic/integrations/pull/11442/commits/243d43be480e7addbe237eed92a15fb966fc6a1c

> If configured, metrics will be extracted from the specified linked account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If configured, metrics will be extracted from this specified linked/owning account.
```
